BGP is now a topic on the CCMA exam you need to learn both the configuration and troubleshooting of
BGP.
This lab is a troubleshooting lab can you solve the problem in this network.
Are we being told that one is not able to ping the loopback of wrongful wrote a file has a loopback
address of 4 4 4 4.
So we've been told that Route 1 is not able to ping the loopback 4.
So Ping 4.4 for that for as we can see if that is true.
Rodda one is not able to ping the loopback of Rato for now.
Are you able to solve this yourself.
Can you troubleshoot the network and find the problem and fix it.
Download the package or trace a file and see if you can solve this yourself in the next video.
I'm going to show you the solution and also teach you some tricks and tips.